## [Tasks 💻](https://tafe-tthom.github.io/programming1cs-book/02x_exercises.html#tasks-)

Work on the following tasks as a way to ensure you have understood this chapter's topic.

### [1. Hello Command Line](https://tafe-tthom.github.io/programming1cs-book/02x_exercises.html#1-hello-command-line)

Create a `Hello` project which you will use to accept a **single** command line argument. The intent of the program is to *prefix* `Hello `to the command line argument.

Example:

```hljs
dotnet run TimHello Tim
```

Save your script and provide a comments that explains what index you are using and how you are printing the string.

### [2. Calculating Distance](https://tafe-tthom.github.io/programming1cs-book/02x_exercises.html#2-calculating-distance)

Create a `DistanceTravelled` project which you will use to accept **two** command line arguments. The intent of this program is to use two variable which represent **speed** and **duration**. These two variables can be multiplied to compute the total distance travelled.

Afterwards we can print out the speed, duration and total distance travelled.

You can assume that speed is in km/h and duration is in hours.

Example:

```hljs
dotnet run 50 2Speed: 50 km/hDuration: 2 hoursTravelled: 100 km
```

Save your script and describe what functions you use to convert the data into the appropriate types and the operators you used.

### [3. Area of a Triangle](https://tafe-tthom.github.io/programming1cs-book/02x_exercises.html#3-area-of-a-triangle)

Write a program that will calculate the area of a triangle.

Use the following formula and translate it appropriately:

Your program will accept the **base** and **height** as arguments. The **area** should be printed to two decimal places.

Use the following example and the values inputted to check your solution.

```hljs
dotnet run 5 37.50  
```

### [4. Volume of a Sphere](https://tafe-tthom.github.io/programming1cs-book/02x_exercises.html#4-volume-of-a-sphere)

Create a project called `Volume` and implement a program that will do perform the following.

Write a program that will calculate the volume of a sphere. The program must allow the user to input the radius of the sphere using command line arguments.

Use the following formula:

To access `pi`, you can use `Math.PI`.

Example:

```hljs
The radius inputted of the sphere: 2Volume is: 33.51032
```

You will need to use a command line argument to retrieve the radius.

## [Tasks with test-cases](https://tafe-tthom.github.io/programming1cs-book/02x_exercises.html#tasks-with-test-cases)

Please refer to the following code repository for the exercises [Programming1-CS Repository](https://github.com/TAFE-tthom/programming1-cs).

Attempt the following exercises in the **Week02** folder - do note, the structure will be updated to be more relevant to the chapters of the book.

Ensure you run `dotnet build` and `dotnet test` while your shell is in the directory of a particular question. Run `dotnet test` to check to see if your solution works as specified.